hey there guys it is in the Irish back
again from a little bit of an absence
making some commentaries simply because
i'm a college man and i need to work on
my studies because well i'm paying
shitloads of money to go here and ya
might wanna you know work on that stuff
so I haven't been really playing at all
since I've been back at school but over
break I recorded over a terabyte worth
of footage eventually had to cut down
like 200 so gigabytes and at least you
know get some more space because I did
that nazi zombies on theatre and a lot
of you guys really enjoyed it so it took
up a lot of space took up like a hundred
fifty gigs or something for an hour long
gameplay plus i got like three other
ones i still need to edit a lot of shit
to do working on classes this week so i
don't really have time to game and if i
do maybe i'll get like another black ops
quickie five-minute commentary i can do
this week for ya but i'll go on and also
you guys have been asking for some
battlefield 3 gameplay so here you go
this is just one stupid clip of me
trying to get a on that whatever god
knows what name of this map is I'm i
don't know what i'm talking about it's
two-thirty a.m. and i'm really tired I
should be going to bed but I wanted to
make this before I get too hectic in the
week because i have a shit ton of shit
to do tomorrow i got like six hours of
class in a row it's gonna suck so um
yeah I'm doing this little like two
minute commentary to let you guys know
what's up and that uh oh some big news
one youtube money just got paid thank
you youtube money too um Oh skater boy
it's going double platinum in Canada
averil's loving it I know you guys are
for the most part loving it I really
didn't put a lot of effort into it i
just went on clown fish and recorded my
voice of it just me singing and then
doubled it up on the chorus at the end
thought that was pretty genius of me you
know I'm a great artist and I won't
forget you guys when I'm standing up
there accepting my award for VMA because
I'm I just hired tapes whoever did tapes
his music video some Swedish dude he
said he's making my music video too
it's nothing nothing compared to the
face but it's going to be pretty rad so
I hope you guys enjoy that um no but
seriously in the meantime while I think
of a new song and I'm doing school and
stuff if you guys want me to do in your
song maybe complicated from avril's
album 2002 let it let go what's it
whatever it's called like oh yeah dude
who man I ravine in 2002 that's prime
rib right there like I would if I had to
go back in time I would either go to the
1950s where he could have bitches make
you sandwiches left and right or 2002
summer may june ish that area when she
releases the album prime rib right there
that's just my opinion you know and i
love that song complicated or whatever
you want me to do if you want me to do
another song leave me a comment on what
song doesn't have to be Avril could be
Elton John that's it's my fucking man
right there really anything I don't
really care just I don't know I really
like doing those stupid songs and eat my
diction is getting spawn trapped my me
while I try and get a so I want to go
I'll see you guys later love you bye
mm-hmm fuckin lav fucking Irish
goddammit boot matter that's why you
little Tampa bitch well Yuri breath